this is the unboxing for a PlayStation
Vita auction which was titled PS Vita
Wi-Fi console plus call of duty black
ops declassified plus four gigabyte
memory card and it was bought on January
22nd 2013 from a seller gjb 195 oh 104
he had 719 feedback and the total cost
was nineteen dollars and eighty-eight
cents
I also heard an Apple Mouse from an
unrelated seller that also came in today
according to the tracking numbers so by
logic you would think the Vita was in
this huge box right here however that in
the mouse would be in this thing right
here however if we look at this the
contents just say new and it says
kilogram point one zero zero goods
origin China so this has to be the
supposed to be there now unless they
took the shrinking machine from the
movie Honey I Shrunk the Kids there is
no way there is a Vita in this package
but we will open it anyway just to make
sure
and we're opening it like I said it's
just a very small envelope that looks
like an Apple Mouse to be in it with
this tracking number matches the diva
which I was suspicious from from the
beginning but figures take a chance
whatever and it looks like we have an
and race beneficio sanitary national
hero coin which is one peso from the
Philippines great who knows if it's even
a real coin and I doubt it's even worth
twenty dollars well this is what things
like eBay buyer protection or for and I
was suspicious from it at the beginning
anyway but I figured for twenty dollars
those worth the shot and if it's not as
described you know you just cover with
the eBay buyer protection and go from
there all right